yo what's going on guys Tokyo and I'm
back again on the man 15 ultimate team
was having in haven't done a pack
opening in a while Super Bowl promo is
live as you guys can see there are three
sets in the game one being a mystery MVP
set alight to all 20 cards into the set
and you're going to be guaranteed a 99
overall version of the super bowl MVP
which i think is really really cool it
can go either way you can have Russell
Wilson you can have tom brady you
literally can have absolutely anyone
playing the football game which i really
like i'm most likely going to complete
the set i'm just looking to get good
deals on the cards and then we have the
Super Bowl legend says that is
repeatable given 99 John Elway a 98
overall Otto Graham which is absolutely
amazing part I want Otto Graham so bad
so we're going to go ahead and open up
these super bowl packs for you guys see
what we can get in them and then at the
end I believe I'm going to do a Super
Bowl legend pack as well see you can get
lucky and flush it out with that Otto
Graham so we got four super bowl packs
fifty thousand coins of peace and then
you also have the bundle I might get the
bundle let me know if you guys want me
to get the bundle but for right now
we're gonna open up the super bowl pack
see what they're like don't know if
they're gonna be any good or not and
then I'm going to open up a couple
throwback so we're gonna dive into that
super bowl set and see what we can do
first super bowl pack definitely loving
the way these packs look simple but
really really clean see we're gonna get
in this first packs gonna start it off
with a ted ginn a Steve Young six
touchdown collectible another gold card
Rams offense bronze badge and
100-yard rusher fifteen thousand coins
quick sell that definitely is a
possibility a gold card right there
another braun fat two more bronze badges
we got no lead collectible i will
definitely take that i believe some of
these super bowl elites are impact so
baby shut it out that Jamie Collins
looks really nice Bobby Wagner's looks
good as well as this pack right here is
gonna be a pro pack and it's gonna be
absolutely nothing in there just trying
to switch it up Chad tricky a thin
really works got three super bowl packs
left 50,000 points down the drain let's
get something fire seahawks often the
bridge elite collectible i literally
have no clue what these are going for
but i'm pretty sure they're gonna go
down in price so I'm just add them to
the set as we get a 40k quick sell if a
25-yard plus rushing touchdown happens
that's definitely a possibility with
legarrette blount and Marshawn Lynch I
don't think those collectibles are
optional so you're gonna have to acquire
them through the solo packs or the trade
block which is always cool too baby I'm
trying to stock up on some of those guys
I suggest you do the same right here we
gets a huge upset with my move Mexico in
the picture i believe and right here
first for is a touchdown 5k quick sell
alright alright definitely not feeling
these packs too much got one left gonna
have to flush it out here with an elite
going i pluck it out with only goal line
stand right there another elite
collectible gonna be adding those bad
boys to the steps that's definitely
saving us the points of franz edge and
boom elite badge Mitch feels like I
haven't pulled one of those in forever
gonna keep on adding it if you guys are
wondering where the flash backpacks are
I have about 65 elite badges stop the
make it 66 with that pole I'm just
waiting for new flashbacks to be putting
the game and you guys already know daily
flashbacks will be coming back to the
channel go ahead and open up a couple
pro patch before we do the Super Bowl
legends fish um I really want that Otto
Graham I really really want that Otto
Graham as you get the rising star pull
right there that definitely pays back
the price of the pro pack and more gonna
keep on going through these guys started
officer Michael Johnson nothing else in
this pack looking to maybe get some
super bowl collectibles in there that's
seventy five hundred points for another
pro pack right here Ram Stadium and
we're going to get in 85 / all right
guard super bowl edition definitely need
that if we want to do the mystery nbp
step and decent decent stats on that
guard for an 85 of wrongful that's
definitely for sure we'll be adding that
to the set as well I don't know guys let
me know who you thinks gonna win the MVP
of the Super Bowl Kirk Cousins right
there another Super Bowl collectible
Malcolm Smith interception I remember
that from last year that's definitely
the nail in the coffin air boom there we
go another team of the year pull I've
probably pulled 10 to 15 team of the
year cards finally I get one when i'm
recording definitely an epic hole right
there so let's just jump into the Super
Bowl legends
said I think I got to get a couple more
as I gotta collect these bad boys
alright so we're looking looking we got
this one left let's see if we can get a
good deal on it and right there four
thousand coins bang bang gonna get our
snipers loaded as we skype it for four
thousand coins definitely a good deal
just gotta collect these i'm hoping i
get Otto Graham now I know John Elway is
the most expensive but I want Otto
Graham on my team so if I can pull them
out of here and not have to buy them off
the auction block it's definitely the
best way to go but obviously John Elway
99 overall quarterback would be an
amazing pull you know there's a ton of
different cards that are in the game so
Clint southern margin so hope you got
Isaac Bruce which is really really nice
Darnell Dockett which is another car to
100 power move that i'll be adding so
let's go guys Super Bowl legend pack get
hype we're going to be opening these let
me know in the comments section if you
want me to open up another one and we're
going to get all right Isaac Bruce 97
overall Isaac Bruce definitely an
amazing card six-foot 95 speed 94
elusiveness 98 catch in traffic 95
spectacular catch we'll see if there's
any hidden stats 97 acceleration 97
caption 77 carry he's got absolutely
booty run blocking row I need mom I need
my wide receivers they have some run
blocking 97 to move definitely
definitely a nice card 99 sama 95
spectacular catch 98 catch in traffic
guys if you want to see more Super Bowl
legend packs smash that like button and
I'll bring you guys one tomorrow as well
and then till then p
that that Isaac Bruce though